Improve the code maintainability by reducing the packages (#5262)
ethereum/web3.js: CHANGELOG.md

1. Passing callbacks to functions is no longer supported, except for event listeners.
2. Method `extend` is deprecated

#### web3-core

1. The function `outputBigNumberFormatter` in `web3-core-helper` renamed to `outputBigIntFormatter` under `web3-core`
2. Removed `this.defaultBlock` context from `inputDefaultBlockNumberFormatter` in `web3-core-helper` and converted to additional parameter
3. Removed `this.defaultBlock` context from `inputTransactionFormatter` in `web3-core-helper` and converted to additional parameter

#### web3-utils

1. The following functions `soliditySha3` `soliditySha3Raw` `encodePacked` now includes type validation and requires type specification, instead of guessing the value type

> 2. The functions `soliditySha3` `soliditySha3Raw` `encodePacked` does not support BN and now supports `BigInt`

Reviewer: Did you mean something like this:
```suggestion
2. The functions `soliditySha3`, `soliditySha3Raw` and `encodePacked` did not support BN; But, now supports `BigInt`
```
